POINT DISCONTINUITY In Exercises 44-46, use the following information.
The graph of a rational function can have a hole in it, called a point discontinuity, where the function is undefined. An example is shown below.
$$
y=\frac{x^{2}-16}{x+4}=\frac{(x+4)(x-4)}{x+4}=x-4
$$
The graph of $y=\frac{x^{2}-16}{x+4}$ is the same as the graph of $y=x-4$ except that there is a hole at $(-4,-8)$ because the rational function is not defined when $x=-4$.
Graph the rational function. Use an open circle for a point discontinuity.
44. $y=\frac{x^{2}+10 x+21}{x+3}$
45. $y=\frac{x^{2}-36}{x-6}$
46. $y=\frac{2 x^{2}-x-10}{x+2}$
47. CHALLENGE Find the ratio of the perimeter to the area of the triangle shown at the right.
PROBLEM SOLVING
EXAMPLE 2
on p. 574 for Exs. 48, 50-52
48. (4) GEOMETRY Find the ratio of the volume of the square pyramid to the volume of the inscribed cone. Write your answer in simplified form.

TEXAS@HomeTutor for problem solving help at classzone.com
49. ENTERTAINMENT From 1992 to 2002, the gross ticket sales $S$ (in millions of dollars) to Broadway shows and the total attendance $A$ (in millions) at the shows can be modeled by
$$
S=\frac{-6420 t+292,000}{6.02 t^{2}-125 t+1000} \text { and } A=\frac{-407 t+7220}{5.92 t^{2}-131 t+1000}
$$
where $t$ is the number of years since 1992. Write a model for the average dollar amount a person paid per ticket as a function of the year. What was the average amount a person paid per ticket in 1999?
TEXAS@HomeTutor for problem solving help at classzone.com
50. TAKS REASONING Almost all of the energy generated by a long-distance runner is released in the form of heat. For a runner with height $H$ and speed $V$, the rate $h_{g}$ of heat generated and the rate $h_{r}$ of heat released can be modeled by $h_{g}=k_{1} H^{3} V^{2}$ and $h_{r}=k_{2} H^{2}$ where $k_{1}$ and $k_{2}$ are constants.
a. Write the ratio of heat generated to heat released. Simplify the expression.
b. When the ratio of heat generated to heat released equals 1 , how is speed related to height? Does a taller or shorter runner have the advantage? Explain.
Thermogram of runner
8.4 Multiply and Divide Rational Expressions
579